README.md, before:

# Zender Shortener Controllers

![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-released-blue?style=for-the-badge)

🔩 Zender shortener controller files for different providers

# Available Controllers

| Gateway | Status | Author |
| ------ | ------ | ------ |
| [Bit.ly](https://bitly.com/) | Released | Titan Systems |
| [Switchy.io](https://www.switchy.io/) | Released | Titan Systems |
| [Cutt.ly](https://cutt.ly) | Released | [Damien Benedetti](https://github.com/damidani/) |
| [PHPShort](https://codecanyon.net/item/phpshort-url-shortener-software/26536593) | Released | [Damien Benedetti](https://github.com/damidani/) |
| [Premium URL Shortener](https://codecanyon.net/item/premium-url-shortener/3688135) | Released | [Damien Benedetti](https://github.com/damidani/) |

# Usage

* Open and edit the controller file using your text editor
* Change the indicated required provider credentials then save
* Go to zender admin panel then to Shorteners -> Add Shortener
* Enter the shortener name that will appear in the send message form
* Select the controller file you edited from the previous steps
* Submit and your url shortener is ready

![App](https://github.com/titansys/zender-shorteners/blob/master/screenshot.png)

# Shortener Request

If you want to integrate a custom shortener, you can easily do that by using the **boilerplate.php** file in this repository, this requires basic PHP knowledge. Alternatively, we might also integrate it for you, please post to our support site.

Commit message:

feat: added controller for yourls

README.md, after:

# Zender Shortener Controllers

![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-released-blue?style=for-the-badge)

🔩 Zender shortener controller files for different providers

# Available Controllers

| Gateway | Status | Author |
| ------ | ------ | ------ |
| [Bit.ly](https://bitly.com/) | Released | Titan Systems |
| [Yourls.org](https://yourls.org/) | Released | Titan Systems |
| [Switchy.io](https://www.switchy.io/) | Released | Titan Systems |
| [Cutt.ly](https://cutt.ly) | Released | [Damien Benedetti](https://github.com/damidani/) |
| [PHPShort](https://codecanyon.net/item/phpshort-url-shortener-software/26536593) | Released | [Damien Benedetti](https://github.com/damidani/) |
| [Premium URL Shortener](https://codecanyon.net/item/premium-url-shortener/3688135) | Released | [Damien Benedetti](https://github.com/damidani/) |

# Usage

* Open and edit the controller file using your text editor
* Change the indicated required provider credentials then save
* Go to zender admin panel then to Shorteners -> Add Shortener
* Enter the shortener name that will appear in the send message form
* Select the controller file you edited from the previous steps
* Submit and your url shortener is ready

![App](https://github.com/titansys/zender-shorteners/blob/master/screenshot.png)

# Shortener Request

If you want to integrate a custom shortener, you can easily do that by using the **boilerplate.php** file in this repository, this requires basic PHP knowledge. Alternatively, we might also integrate it for you, please post to our support site.
